Well, next time is it
Not of the lifestyle series
Full-scale route
Located in the middle of the music maniac series
the hd 600
I want to open it
When it comes here
Hiroki's level and
Water dung is the level of the shoebox
Certainly shoes are this is entering
Is it okay if no one is writing
eh
There are many feeling
High magnificent
It is Tan feel like I died LUX Super Rich came out
Dituinzu it looks like sheets
but
This is already completely different , but what about what ever has it been?
Yes is a sense of quality
I firmly sewed
I 'm pretty firm
It is a little bit of the way of the table cable is that this thing
It is hard to understand except
9 was done
Have this ribbon
like this
So we Akita becomes red and you'll take out the black Ichimugi
It looks like this
this
I agree
It was a city
is
I wonder if this is good
Oh's right to make a dress
I think it is better to go on a street trip
8 Kimo-I hope to be in this class
2 cables
Will follow
Here is this for everyday use
Will be a cable with a controller
so
We have already pursued the sound quality well
Also to do said that I do not need things keep company of women other controller Nante such a thing
I will
I use a simple and firm detergent
Become a model
So I want to try a little experiment here that stuck to the sound quality
think
Rather this is
Motivation
felt
So the expectation is great this
Maa ma's like this
Unexpectedly surprisingly long
Then I want to try a little
In here it is white but I know round
It 's a red girl who 's red girl and it looks like it's a white girl
In Please refer to the wiring to be consistent here
And getting them Well in this kind of feeling in the roots in this kind of feeling
It will feel say
Yes I would like to put on a little
Yes yes
Moderate
There is a sense of adequate sealing , but there is much room compared to the previous ones
When it comes to a fairly natural texture a
The second swells
I try to sink
It is flowing but there is
I'm sorry
Ah
Yes yes
Yes
8 I 'm actually that football for this
There are 8 Yosuke admins who listen to songs on iphone
I made it myself
I'm listening to the song but it's at the time of production
When I master that
A little
And this is
1 I'm going to reduce my house , I'm going to increase troubles in the city
Fine nuances of the nail part
One by one really fine sound will play well here
That this that pretty hi-fi I wonder at is the feeling
The listener
I made it because I want you to hear that sound firmly
Made main target is I'm there a
To be clear, this is a super-first-class head even with a song-making monitor
Is it really good for music production etc?
I think so
In Well is up to model and Well for example Toka This is it for now value ordering
Unlike
The amount of meeting information is quite different
In a
After something of the day Yes Well
For example, so you really play finely texture with anyone what afterimage of reverb say so
It is earnest
After Toka'd love to hear up the music
Oh dear
Advanced monitor
For those who want headphones for problems
This is highly recommended and
This is good for the price but I do
in addition
In the feeling that it is worthy or expensive
No doubt
Compared with the upper model, cost performance is quite
I think a good model of this one
I I'd say Lamar d 7100
7100 Of course it is a complete model
This is also because it is dropped pretty well
I wonder if the cost performance is quite good
Also I think Fu say